[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> TIM: Thank you for having me.
>> EMERY: If human timelines
are influenced by Greys
and reptilians, what
about the Federation?
Where do they fit into this?
>> TIM: These beings do not
naturally refer to themselves
as the Galactic Federation,
which is a pop cultural term.
But we have seen some beings
referred and call themselves
this way in order to make
the communication easier.
Those beings can have a
collective effort in order
to benefit the timeline.
You must imagine that those
are huge populations--
many individuals, many states
of consciousness, many species
and collective
memories and realities
and whatever you can
imagine makes sure--
their whole mission to assure
that this timeline vector
we are on is directed
in a direction--
it's put into a direction
where it eventually
will merge the stable time
strain in the middle of it
in order to make the
next evolutionary step.
And they have
different missions.
There can be a species
that puts out information.
that directly influence
or reincarnate on this planet.
They could have direct contact,
especially when everything
opens up, and we finally got
to meet openly on this planet.
But they also could do
something in the back,
which means there
are species that
are kind of like code hackers.
Because we know that the
universe has at least one
access to it by mathematics
and communication.
Language, in itself,
was used and planned
as a way to alter and
communicate with the reality
and to move through
non-material spaces, dimensions.
So there are species who
are very advanced in coding
and building stuff.
They might be in a very
different reality or dimension.
And they build things which
directly affect this reality.
Some might not even be
aware that they do that.
But as the whole universe
is connected to each other,
some little changes and
dots and some other reality
directly influences
this as well.
So we have equivalent
dimensions,
equivalent realities that all
put their influence in here.
And some do that beneficially.
>> EMERY: If timelines
are changing,
how does the consciousness
unit even know?
>> TIM: Well, normally, the
universe is a very fluid
concept, which means that
changes do not appear rapidly.
Because rapidness
oftentimes means break.
And something that breaks
is a traumatic experience.
There are traumatic
experiences in the universe
with which can be experienced.
But then they need to
be healed afterwards,
which causes a lot
of chaos and trouble.
And there's a lot of
effort to avoid that.
Normally, a timeline that
changes will not be recognized.
There is some kind of
logical appearance to it.
Something which
is interesting is
that you could use
the experiences
of a parallel alternative
reality in your own life--
for example, start to play piano
or speaking a language without
ever having learnt
that language.
There are cases of people who,
for example, had a tragic car
accident.
And they wake up somewhere.
And they start to speak
a different language just
as a native speaker, which they
have never ever learned at all.
This potentially could
be an alternative reality
that's been merged through some
kind of traumatic experience
inside of the now time.
And you can use
that, for example,
to have some other
talents, for example,
in order to be painter or
be creative or something.
Because somewhere, someone
has spent a lot of time
in learning that skill.
Might be, might not be.
And you can reach out to that
and integrate it into yourself.
>> EMERY: How does the time
unit or time force benefit
the Earth?
>> TIM: As time is
something that can be seen
as the dimension, it means
that it has space to it.
So there is a version of
this recent planet Earth that
is somewhere in the future.
And in that future,
of course, people
have a different reality.
They have more
advanced technologies.
They will be more
advanced socially.
And they will have
open contacts,
and through that,
benefit from all the best
practices that are out there.
This version of this
planet has a organization
that has access to
technology that originally
came from the Greys in
order to reach out back
to a version of the planet.
Because we have talked
about laws and cosmic laws
and domestic laws
and genetic laws
and temporal laws, which
means all these are regulating
the way someone has
the authority in order
to move the destiny of a planet.
Because those people in
the future, it's still us.
And it's still humans.
They have the right to
decide from their standpoint
where they are heading
and reaching out
back to this Earth.
And there are people that
are here on this planet.
And they are helping
and assisting
and guiding and overseeing
that the version
of the planet and the future
is on the correct vector time
string so that eventually
everything will turn out fine.
>> EMERY: Is that what you call
a time unit or a time force?
>> TIM: I actually don't
know the English name.
So I'm referring
to it as time unit.
>> EMERY: And this
is a group of people?
>> TIM: It is a human operating
team that is connected
to the governmental status
that's going to be happening
on this planet in
about 50 to 70 years.
>> EMERY: Does this time unit
benefit Earth only or other
worlds as well?
>> TIM: In a holistic universe
where we still experience
dualistic, individual
units of consciousness,
there has to be some kind of
regulation who has some kind
of authority to
what's happening.
We talked about that, that
different sets of rules
apply to different situations.
We have the domestic,
law which means
that the present,
local law is regulating
on the lowest threshold of law.
It's organizing countries'
administrative and social
behavior on the
present time right now.
We then have
genetics, which mean
that those who are observing
the time string right now
are humans originated
from Earth, pure genetics.
Then we have temporal
law, which means
that those beings that
either have the longest
habitation on this planet
are those who have the higher
authority compared
to those beings that
are not as long-living on
a planet in the universe.
And that makes time units in
the future, because as we know,
there are other beings on
this planet who also claim
to be living here longer,
having a different time unit,
and different perspective on the
influences on their timeline.
So at that point,
it's not only humans
experiencing and
influencing their timeline,
but at that point, we
also have inhabitants
of this planet that
kind of need to find
a political conclusion on
where the shared reality will
move too.
And in the last point,
we have the Greys
who claim to be the
overseeing species over that.
At that point, I'm
not too sure if there
are competing other species who
might question that authority
or not.
Might be.
>> EMERY: Why is timeline
manipulation being done instead
of letting linear timelines
play out the way they do?
>> TIM: The cosmos would love
to let everything play out.
And there are timelines
that are not affected
and where everything
occurs naturally,
especially those
species that we might
count to be higher-evolved
beings of this Galactic
Federation thing.
Those are very heavy on the
opinion that everything needs
to grow wildly and freely.
But we all know
that we experience
a lot of beings and aspects
of the universe, that
want to have the narrative
as tightly and closely
in their hand as possible.
>> EMERY: Does the modification
of the timeline affect all life
on the planet, including sea
life and the plant world?
>> TIM: Does individual behavior
affect everyone on the planet?
No.
Some things that an individual
unit of consciousness does
is something that only affects,
in a minor or a major way,
his own reality.
That is why when you stick
to that a lot, in the end,
you will come to
a failed timeline
where you're so isolated,
which happened to the Greys
and the previous version
of the universe, where
you do something so controlling
that you do not give room
to anybody else and to
the diversity, which means
minor changes in
timelines do not
affect the collective
consciousness or memory at all.
If you have a minor
change in the timeline
like building a house
somewhere, and even if people
are interacting with that
and some other version
of the timeline the
house is located--
I don't know--
the colors change.
At some point you decide
you want your house pink,
and another version
you stick to the--
I don't know--
blue or something--
at some point the universe,
another force of the universe
will decide for one
or the other color.
And whatever your
observations were in the past,
you will be convinced that this
is the color that has always
been there.
And who will prove you wrong?
It's just decided.
And the observer will know
that this is what it is now.
>> EMERY: If there are
various time-traveling beings
influencing Earth's timeline
all with different agendas,
doesn't that result
in continual chaos?
>> TIM: Potentially, yes.
But that is why there
are a set of rules
to who has the authority and
power to overlook what, when,
and how.
And, again, we
have this hierarchy
of different sets of
authoritarian systems or rule
sets.
Potentially messing around
with time and temporal dynamics
can blow up everything.
And we'll restart the
version of the universe.
So, yes, it could
end into chaos.
>> EMERY: With that technology,
are there small missions to go
back in time?
What are they?
And what are they like?
>> TIM: If a species has
modified the timeline
of a planet in a particular way,
and it turns out that this was
against law, against those sets
of regulations that everyone
has agreed upon, then there
are individual efforts to redo
that.
You might want to ask, well,
if there are time units that
could change the course
of the history of mankind,
why do they not
undo the World War
II or something else like that?
And some events are
so dramatic and high
in their probability
of occurrence
that they need to play out
in some way or another.
They are essential for the
timeline of the collective.
So if you, for example,
have World War II,
the universe wants to
experience some things.
And the more you
force the universe
not to appear in those
probabilities and to view those
and observe them and
experience them and make
that a kind of no-go area,
the more weird, dramatic,
tramautic things might occur.
So World War II
might be the most--
and I know it sounds terrible--
but the most gentle version
of what could have happened.
At least the timeline
is still stable.
There will be a huge
effort at some time.
And I suggest it would be
better to do that now than later
in order to heal that.
You could call it
karma or something,
which means to go
back to that state,
reframe it, and
put it differently
in the experience
of the universe.
>> EMERY: In the same way,
are there current events going
on right now that are affecting
timelines in the future where
they have to come back and shift
something so it doesn't happen?
>> TIM: Well, the interesting
thing is it's all about
stability, which means
the universe and every
consciousness unit that is
dedicated to that mission is
trying to prevent a so-called
failed timeline, which causes--
if it's a dramatic
failed timeline--
and we're not talking about
individual failed timelines--
but a collective
failed timeline will
cause a dramatically-traumatic
incident,
which will have a consequence
in new version of the universe
which is hugely
traumatic to the universe
and creates more
chaos than good stuff.
I acknowledge that
people, humans as well
as every other
kind of life form,
are doing the best
right now in order
to prevent traumatic
events and to get
this timeline in the most
stable status possible.
And I know 100% that's
it's going to be a success.
>> EMERY: If we are
influenced by timelines,
what about free
will and destiny?
Is that all an illusion?
>> TIM: It might have the
illusion that free will is
being broken by the
circumstances that one is
inside of.
But that is not the case.
Because everyone
who has developed
a higher consciousness
can choose for their own.
And they can exercise
their free will
even if the circumstances
look overwhelming.
But the illusion
exists, which means
as long as there's this
dualistic view of the world,
it might seem as if other
people could exercise power
over oneself, which
is not the case.
Once you realize
that it's all you,
and you are responsible for
yourself and for your version
and manifestation
and experience,
then you are pretty safe.
But still, there is something
about power in the universe
which creates that illusion.
Because that means
that someone else
could harness more
energy in order
to bring their will over you.
That is not exactly
breaking the free will.
Because the free will, at least
of source, can never be broken.
But it's kind of bending and
manipulating the free will.
And someone who
could find himself
or herself or itself inside
of a very authoritarian system
and a very strict
timeline, he or she or it
could feel expelled
from the free will--
now, do you say that--
removed from their free will.
But it's not the case.
You can always access
level-six consciousness
as the total, ultimate
solution in order
to readjust
yourself, which means
going back to nonexistence
and starting all over.
I can understand that that is
not an option for everyone.
>> EMERY: Where in
your opinion, Tim,
are we heading with
all this timeline,
time unit discussions?
Where is the world going?
>> TIM: I think the feeling of
security is something that we
will feel very soon
more and more every day.
Because the military,
the authoritarian system
and groups on this planet
as well as in the universe
will eventually become more
aware of their responsibility
to secure and make things safe.
So this planet has
this consciousness
or used to have
field of fear and
angst, which is enhanced
by the systematic
approach to it, which
will be removed in some time.
And the knowledge
and the awareness
to know that there are forces
overseeing timelines, securing
timelines, making
this timeline stable
will make people feel more
safe inside of the universe,
secure in their own time.
And through that, every
consciousness unit
that feels more safe
in their own timeline
will also project more
safety into the world.
So I'm pretty optimistic that
in some time, the evolution
of this planet, we
will be in such a state
that we all feel more
comfortable, more home here.
And this is one of the
most important factors
of the universe that people,
that every ingredient
of the universe will
eventually find his, her,
or its place of home where
they feel they are playing out
the best potential
and be the best,
divine version of
themselves-- that
is when all those
particles and consciousness
units of the universe
and all that movement
through the universe will
give a complete picture
of the universe.
And that is the ultimate
experience of the universe.
And then it will turn
into another universe.
And we have different challenges
that we do not know about yet.
>> EMERY: You've had
glimpses into the future.
Are the interviews
and answers you're
giving right now affecting
people in the future?
>> TIM: One never knows.
Because the things that have
been given to this planet that
had a very high probability of
being very successful have--
and this is kind of the beauty
of this universe which cannot
be calculated--
it kind of went
different directions.
Yeah.
And that's why we
need this experience.
We need to experience things
to know the actual impact.
I can only hope that my message
is resonating with people.
And that people
either acknowledge
their own responsibility
or they will project out
the best divine
version of themselves
and do the best they
can to be in peace
and harmony with our galactic
family and all the other beings
everywhere.
>> EMERY: When the
Pentagon acknowledged UAPs,
and it was in the
mainstream media,
there was no big response.
Nothing happened.
Why is that?
>> TIM: But it gets recognized.
And recognition, even if
it's subtle and subconscious,
is something that is important.
And you will feel that.
We will talk to mainstream
people that will say, oh, yeah.
This is a big universe.
Of course, there
are other people.
While the same people would
have talked differently
10 years ago, like, no way.
No, there is no life.
And potentially, these
might be versions
that might have failed,
might have gone away.
We'll never know.
>> EMERY: So, Tim, in the
context of timelines and time
units, why do we only see a
ripple instead of a big splash?
>> TIM: Yeah.
And it's good that we
don't have a splash.
Because every dramatic influence
on a whole collective system,
it has a huge impact and
has a huge probability
of being traumatic, which
nobody wants in the universe.
Everyone knows the more
gentle we go around the curve,
it's better to not break it.
>> EMERY: When I imagine the
comments from our viewers
of this episode, I can see them
asking, is Tim a time traveler?
How would you address that?
>> TIM: I have nothing
more to say to that right
at the moment.
>> EMERY: Tim, that
was very informative.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>> TIM: Thank you, Emery.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
>> SPEAKER 1: Next
on Cosmic Disclosure.
>> EMERY: They thought of
Antarctica being the lost
continent.
And one of the reasons to go
to Antarctica in order to, A,
find whatever's left there--
and, B, place a basis.
>> SPEAKER 2: We're finding
ships that are intact.
We're finding ships
that are in pieces.
We're finding dead
bodies, corpses,
things frozen in the ice.
I don't think that they're
going to keep it a secret
until the whole thing is melted.
But at some point, we're going
to be able to see it all.
[MUSIC PLAYING]